Add reference for attributes in function parameters (#657)
rust-lang-nursery/reference: src/items/functions.md

> Note: Except for lints, it is idiomatic to only use outer attributes on
> function items.

The attributes that have meaning on a function are [`cfg`], [`cfg_attr`], [`deprecated`],
[`doc`], [`export_name`], [`link_section`], [`no_mangle`], [the lint check
attributes], [`must_use`], [the procedural macro attributes], [the testing
attributes], and [the optimization hint attributes]. Functions also accept
attributes macros.

## Attributes on function parameters

[Outer attributes][attributes] are allowed on function parameters and the

> permitted [built-in attributes] are restricted to `cfg`, `cfg_attr`, `allow`,

Reviewer: I think it would be good to be clearer about exactly which attributes are allowed, since this doesn't mention that (active) proc macros are forbidden.  As Centril pointed out in [the release notes](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/64878#discussion_r329347138) (and which took me a while to grok until I read https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/63210), that inert helper attributes are allowed. I'm not sure how to word that clearly.

> Note: Except for lints, it is idiomatic to only use outer attributes on
> function items.

The attributes that have meaning on a function are [`cfg`], [`cfg_attr`], [`deprecated`],
[`doc`], [`export_name`], [`link_section`], [`no_mangle`], [the lint check
attributes], [`must_use`], [the procedural macro attributes], [the testing
attributes], and [the optimization hint attributes]. Functions also accept
attributes macros.

## Attributes on function parameters

[Outer attributes][attributes] are allowed on function parameters and the
permitted [built-in attributes] are restricted to `cfg`, `cfg_attr`, `allow`,
`warn`, `deny`, and `forbid`.

```rust
fn len(
    #[cfg(windows)] slice: &[u16],
    #[cfg(not(windows))] slice: &[u8],
) -> usize {
    slice.len()
}
```

Inert helper attributes used by procedural macro attributes applied to items are also
allowed but be careful to not include these inert attributes in your final `TokenStream`.

```rust
#[hi_i_am_a_proc_macro_attribute]

> fn foo_oof(#[hello_i_am_an_inert_attribute] arg: u8) {

Reviewer: Maybe add a comment explaining what this is trying to illustrate?  Maybe something like this:

```rust
// This inert attribute is not formally defined anywhere. The
// `hi_i_am_a_proc_macro_attribute` proc macro is responsible for detecting
// its presence and removing it from the output token stream.
```

attributes], and [the optimization hint attributes]. Functions also accept
attributes macros.

## Attributes on function parameters

> Outer Attributes on function parameters are possible and enable finer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [outer attributes][attributes] are allowed on function parameters.
The allowed [built-in attributes] are restricted to `cfg`, `cfg_attr`, `allow`, `warn`, `deny`, and `forbid`.
```

> conditional compilation with `#[cfg(..)]`/`#[cfg_attr(..)]` and linting

Reviewer 2: Remove the rest of the old sentence but keep "For example:"

[`link_section`]: ../abi.md#the-link_section-attribute
[`no_mangle`]: ../abi.md#the-no_mangle-attribute
[external_block_abi]: external-blocks.md#abi

> [_OuterAttribute_]: ../attributes.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[_OuterAttribute_]: ../attributes.md
[built-in attributes]: ../attributes.html#built-in-attributes-index
```
